# code-refactor

## Description
- My motivation for this project was to practice code refactoring which is something that I will be expected to know how to do as a junior developer. I'm motivated because code refactoring is a foundational skill and I imagine every programmer implements code refactoring in their day-to-day programming to adhere to industry standards and to achieve a cleaner code and a more accessible site for users. 
- I built this project to practice and show off a bit what I have learned so far about HTML semantics, HTML structuring, debugging, my understanding of CSS selectors and properties, and how to properly comment on a CSS file so that myself or another coder can more easily understand the code in cases where editing may be needed at a later date. 
- While completing this assignment I realized 3 problems that code refactoring solves. 1)Vague, non-descriptive HTML code. - A code with semantic HTML elements is easier to debug and is helpful to a fellow coder who is reading through my code. 2)Low search ranking and low website visibility. - Proper naming and keywords in the code increases search ranking by search engines and therefore increaes visiblity to users. 3)Accessbility to a variety of communities. - i.e. the alt attribute for images helps people using a screen reader to hear what is shown on the screen and this also goes for broken images as well.
- I learned that code refactoring is so essential for lots of reasons. I learned additional semantic HTML elements than I knew before. I learned that certain aspects of HTML code can be used by search engines to make a website more visbile. And unfortunately I inadvertently learned how to mess with the rendering of a website (because the original code rendered the page perfectly, however after applying my refactoring the website now loads from the bottom up. I would really like to know why it is doing this so I can fix it).

